...CreateState target1 visited

*In the example below - a model of creating a new model in Cogulator - we're using a mixture of NGOMSL and CPM-GOMS operators to complete the following goals:
** 1st:  Click the '+' button to bring up the new model dialog
** 2nd: Enter a model name
**  3rd: Enter a collection name
* You can see simpler ways to model this task in the 1_KLM and 2_NGOMSL examples

** 1st:  Click the '+' button to bring up the new model dialog
Goal: Point and click 'New' button
. Attend to Hand position
. Initiate Cursor movement
.Also: Attend to New Button as eyes
.Also: also_name as new_thread
.. Attend to 'New' button
.. Initiate Eye movement to 'New' button
..Saccade to 'New' button
..Look at 'New' button (100 ms)
. Point to 'New' button
. Cognitive_processor Verify Cursor is over 'New' button
. Attend to Finger
. Initiate Click
. Click (90 ms)


** 2nd: Enter a model name
Goal: Enter Model Name
.Attend to 'Model Name' Field
.Initiate Eye movement to 'Model Name' Field
. Also: Move Hands to Keyboard as hands
..Attend to hands
..Initiate move hands
..Hands to Keyboard (300 ms)
.Saccade to 'Model Name' Field
.Look at 'Model Name' Field (100 ms)
. Think of Model Name
. Initiate Typing CPM-GOMS
. Type CPM-GOMS
. Attend to Typed Text
. Initiate Eye movement to Typed Text
. Saccade to Typed in Text
. Look at CPM-GOMS for (150 ms) * about 300 ms to proofread a word, including saccade. So, we subtract out the saccade time of 150 ms, leaving us with 150 ms
. Cognitive_processor Verify Correct
. Attend to Tab Key
. Initiate Tab Enter Key
. Keystroke Tab key

**  3rd: Enter a collection name
Goal: Enter Collection Name
.Attend to 'Collection Name' Field
.Initiate Eye movement to 'Collection Name' Field
.Also: Saccade to Collection Field as eyes_too
.. Saccade to 'Collection Name' Field
.. Look at 'Collection Name' Field (100 ms)
. Think of  which Collection to place model in
.Attend to Typing Examples
. Initiate Typing Examples
. Type Ex *after typing Ex the user sees the field has autocomplete
. Attend to autocompleted text
. Initiate saccade to autocompleted text
. Saccade to autocompleted text
. Look at autocompleted text (150 ms) * about 300 ms to proofread a word, including saccade. So, we subtract out the saccade time of 150 ms, leaving us with 150 ms
. Cognitive_processor Verify autocomplete
. Attend to Enter Key
. Initiate Key Enter Key
. Keystroke Enter key
*As you build models with multitasking, remember that Cogulator is essentially just a calculator, not a genuine cognitive architecture. One of the ramifications of that is you'll need to check the Gantt chart and make sure the model is generating sensible results. For example, if a multitasked method is not completing before some dependent action in the main method, you'll need to move the multitasked method up a few lines.


...CreateState target1 visited